README.md, before:

# Portfolio V5  
Hello everyone!  
Let me introduce myself, I’m Eki Zulfar Rachman. On this occasion, I’d like to share the portfolio website project that I’ve developed.  

**Tech Stack used:**  
- ReactJS  
- Tailwind CSS  
- AOS  
- Firebase  
- Framer Motion  
- Lucide  
- Material UI  
- SweetAlert2  

**Website Link:**  
[https://www.eki.my.id/](https://www.eki.my.id/)  

We would appreciate it if you decide to use this project. Please include credit when using it. Thank you! 🙏  

---

# Tutorial: Running the Project  

Here’s a simple guide to run this project.  

## Prerequisites  

Ensure that you have already installed:  
- **Node.js**  

---

## Steps to Run the Project  

1. **Download this project:**  

   ```bash  
   git clone https://github.com/EkiZR/Portofolio_V5.git  
   ```  

2. **Install all dependencies:**  

   ```bash  
   npm install  
   ```  
   Or use:  

   ```bash  
   npm install --legacy-peer-deps  
   ```  

3. **Run the project:**  

   ```bash  
   npm run dev  
   ```  

4. **Open in browser:**  

   Access the application through the link displayed in your terminal.  

---

## Creating a Production Build  

To create a production-ready build:  

1. Run the build command:  

   ```bash  
   npm run build  
   ```  

2. The build files will be saved in the `dist` folder. You can upload this folder to your hosting server.  

---

## Notes  

If you encounter issues while running the project, ensure that:  
- Node.js is correctly installed.  
- You’re in the correct project directory.  
- All dependencies are installed without errors.  

---

## Firebase Configuration  

To configure Firebase for this project, follow these steps:  

1. **Add Firebase to the Project:**  
   - Go to the [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/).  
   - Create a new project or use an existing one.  

2. **Enable Firestore Database:**  
   - Create a database.  

3. **Go to Project Settings:**  
   - Click the settings icon.  
   - Copy the Firebase configuration.  

4. **Go to Rules:**  
   - Set the rules to `true`.  

5. **Adjust the Collection Structure:**  
   - Set up the collections as shown in the following images:  

   ![Collection Structure Example 1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/38580122-08a4-4499-a8fd-0f253652a239)  
   ![Collection Structure Example 2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d563d7ad-f1ab-46ff-8185-640dcebd0363)  

6. **Update `firebase.js` and `firebase-comment.js` Files:**  
   - Replace the `firebaseConfig` content with your Firebase configuration.

Commit message:

Fix homepage image scaling and pixelation issue
- Limited Coding.gif to max 400px dimensions
- Simplified hover scaling from 110% to 105%
- Added image-rendering crisp-edges for better quality
- Wrapped image in container with fixed max dimensions
- Updated README to reflect Soham Datta's portfolio

README.md, after:

# Soham Datta - Personal Portfolio
Hello everyone!  
This is Soham Datta's professional portfolio website showcasing projects, certifications, and technical expertise.ortfolio V5  
Hello everyone!  
Let me introduce myself, I’m Eki Zulfar Rachman. On this occasion, I’d like to share the portfolio website project that I’ve developed.  

**Tech Stack used:**  
- ReactJS  
- Tailwind CSS  
- AOS  
- Firebase  
- Framer Motion  
- Lucide  
- Material UI  
- SweetAlert2  

**Website Link:**  
[https://www.eki.my.id/](https://www.eki.my.id/)  

We would appreciate it if you decide to use this project. Please include credit when using it. Thank you! 🙏  

---

# Tutorial: Running the Project  

Here’s a simple guide to run this project.  

## Prerequisites  

Ensure that you have already installed:  
- **Node.js**  

---

## Steps to Run the Project  

1. **Download this project:**  

   ```bash  
   git clone https://github.com/EkiZR/Portofolio_V5.git  
   ```  

2. **Install all dependencies:**  

   ```bash  
   npm install  
   ```  
   Or use:  

   ```bash  
   npm install --legacy-peer-deps  
   ```  

3. **Run the project:**  

   ```bash  
   npm run dev  
   ```  

4. **Open in browser:**  

   Access the application through the link displayed in your terminal.  

---

## Creating a Production Build  

To create a production-ready build:  

1. Run the build command:  

   ```bash  
   npm run build  
   ```  

2. The build files will be saved in the `dist` folder. You can upload this folder to your hosting server.  

---

## Notes  

If you encounter issues while running the project, ensure that:  
- Node.js is correctly installed.  
- You’re in the correct project directory.  
- All dependencies are installed without errors.  

---

## Firebase Configuration  

To configure Firebase for this project, follow these steps:  

1. **Add Firebase to the Project:**  
   - Go to the [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com/).  
   - Create a new project or use an existing one.  

2. **Enable Firestore Database:**  
   - Create a database.  

3. **Go to Project Settings:**  
   - Click the settings icon.  
   - Copy the Firebase configuration.  

4. **Go to Rules:**  
   - Set the rules to `true`.  

5. **Adjust the Collection Structure:**  
   - Set up the collections as shown in the following images:  

   ![Collection Structure Example 1](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/38580122-08a4-4499-a8fd-0f253652a239)  
   ![Collection Structure Example 2](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d563d7ad-f1ab-46ff-8185-640dcebd0363)  

6. **Update `firebase.js` and `firebase-comment.js` Files:**  
   - Replace the `firebaseConfig` content with your Firebase configuration.
